Add a host verification sample (#2865)
openenclave/openenclave: samples/host_verify/README.md

> # The host verification sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The host-side enclave verification sample
```

> - Demonstrates the attestation of a remote host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Demonstrates the attestation of a remote enclave```

- Requires only the `openenclave/host_verify.h` header, as well as some C standard header files
- Also runs in simulation mode and when both BUILD_ENCLAVES and HAS_QUOTE_PROVIDER flags are turned off

Prerequisites: you may want to read [Common Sample Information](../README.md#common-sample-information) before going further

> ## About the host verification sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## About the host-side enclave verification sample
```

> When a host is doing host verification, or remote host attestation to be exact, it means that it is trying to authenticate its hardware and software settings so that it can determine whether or not to trust the remote host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an application is doing host-side enclave verification, it means that a host application is trying to authenticate a remote enclave's hardware and software settings so that the application can determine whether or not to trust the remote enclave.
```

Author: Thanks, this description made me understand the concept better too!

> When a host is doing host verification, or remote host attestation to be exact, it means that it is trying to authenticate its hardware and software settings so that it can determine whether or not to trust the remote host.

Reviewer: It would be useful somewhere (maybe in another doc that one can point to?) to explain how such a trust decision is made.   https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-rats-architecture explains that Appraisal Policy for Attestation Results can control whether an attestation result is considered trusted or not, but I don't think this sample uses any such policy other than whether an attestation result was generated or not, correct?   Would be useful to say that somewhere since in general someone that wants to copy this sample into a real scenario may need to extend it as such.

> This sample does remote host attestation by taking either of the two arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample does remote host-side enclave attestation by taking either of the two arguments:
```

- An SGX report
- An SGX certificate

A user can generate a report or certificate with `oecert`. See [here](https://github.com/openenclave/openenclave/blob/master/tests/tools/oecert/README.md) for more details.

> In the main function, if it sees the atrribute `-r`, then it will continue to read the next argument to get the report and call `verify_report()` to verify the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the main function, if it sees the attribute `-r`, then it will continue to read the next argument to get the report and call `verify_report()` to verify the report.
```

Author: Oops, thanks for catching the typo!

Likewise, if it sees the attribute `-c`, then it will continue to read the next argument to get the certificate and call `verify_cert()` to verify the certificate.
There is also an `enclave_identity_verifier()` function, which is called by `verify_cert()` and shows the information of a certificate if you feed it to the program.

## Build and run

Open Enclave SDK supports building the sample on both Linux and Windows.
Linux supports two types of build systems, GNU Make with `pkg-config` and CMake,
while Windows supports only CMake.

### Linux

#### CMake

This uses the CMake package provided by the Open Enclave SDK.

```bash
cd host_verify
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
make run
```

#### GNU Make

```bash
cd host_verify
make build
make run
```

### Windows

#### CMake

```bash
mkdir build && cd build
cmake .. -G Ninja -DNUGET_PACKAGE_PATH=C:\oe_prereqs
ninja
ninja run
```

When you see the following message displayed on the screen, it means you have successfully run the sample.

```bash
Usage:
  ./host_verify -r <report_file>

>   ./host_verify -c <certificate_file>

Reviewer 2: Do we have tools/other samples that can generate a report and certificate? If so we should add to the document how people can generate these files and run the sample.

Author: I only know about the `oecert` tool so I include the link in the middle of the README file.

# The host-side enclave verification sample

- Demonstrates the attestation of a remote enclave
- Requires only the `openenclave/host_verify.h` header, as well as some C standard header files

> - Also runs in simulation mode and when both BUILD_ENCLAVES and HAS_QUOTE_PROVIDER flags are turned off

Reviewer 3: This is misleading since host verification is targeted for non  SGX machines.

Author: Ah, good point. Just removed this line as well as the simulation part in CMakeLists.txt.
